GitHub edit link for non-existing content files (#1453)
getkirby/getkirby.com: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/reference.md

---
name: Reference improvements
about: Let us know about necessary changes

---

<!-- So far, this Reference page is generated fully automatically. Please let us know about the problem you have and we will make sure to fix it. -->

**Issue with Reference**  

> <!--  Let us know where and what is wrong -->
> 
> **Expected**  
> <!-- A clear and concise description of what you expected to happen. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--  Let us know where and what is wrong; please post the full URL to the reference page in question. -->

**Expected**  
<!-- A clear and concise description of what you expected to find on the linked page. -->
```
